---
layout: post
title: "About The Author"
meta: "Springfield"
---

I'm working on this blog and portfolio to help spread knowledge and provide tutorials on control systems, robotics, and software. 

It's a continuous work-in-progress.

## Timeline
### [2023-Present] Robotics and Automation
#### Automation Engineering | Skycart
- Since November 2023, I've been developing embedded software for mutli-payload drone delivery.
- I've been researching into drone package delivery and Ardupilot flight software.

#### Researcher | Lab of Professor Mojtaba Sharifi
- I offer part-time help doing robotics software development for humanoid/exoskeleton in the SJSU Mechanical Engineering Department.
- I'm writing embedded- and adaptive nonlinear control software in C++ for exoskeletons.



### [2021-2023] Specialist, System Architecture | Waymo
- I was recruited by staffing agency, Tezerakt LLC, for the System Architecture team. 
- Waymo is Google X's self-driving vehicle project.
- Software development in Python and documenting electrical hardware data.
- (10% project) Hardware testing & controls development.

### [2019-2021] M.Sc Mechanical Engineering @ San Jose State University
- GPA 3.7 \| Dynamics, Controls & Artificial Intelligence \| Tau Beta Pi
- Software & Mechanical Engineering Internship @ NeuroLeap
  - Embedded systems, machine learning, and hardware
- Manufacturing Engineering Internship @ FormFactor
  - Magnetic simulation and data analysis software
- Master's Project: Developed and deployed algorithms to detect objects during occlusions (TensorFlow and Kalman Filters) on a robot w/ AI compute- & depth perception hardware
  - Advisor: Professor Saeid Bashash
- Computer Science Department publication on neural networks & robotic arms
  - Advisor: Professor Teng Moh
- Embedded control software development for the SJSU Robotics Club
- Deploying vision algorithms for the Machine Learning Club

### [2018] Gap year
- I was teaching myself C/C++, software development, and about robotics.

### [2013-2017] B.Sc Mechanical Engineering @ Santa Clara University
- MechE Internship @ Lab2Fab \| Automating rocket manufacturing for SpaceX
- Helped lead my Senior Design Team on developing a hybrid drone
  - Advisor: Professor Mohammad Ayoubi
- Fracture Mechanics with Professor Robert Marks
- International summer program at University of Lille on project management and energy
- Worked part-time as a teacher for STEM camps; in the Grad Department planning events; and even front-desk at a ping-pong facility 😄
- Various independent design- and mechatronics projects

###  [2013] Archbishop Mitty w/ honors
- Was mostly part of the swim team with some cross country, football, and the robotics club. I also liked volunteering at my local community service center.
- I learned that I'm apparently decent at physics.

##  Miscellaneous:
- I've been weightlifting since I was 13 years old. I dedicate about 10 to 15 hours per week (it's my main hobby) to powerlifting, strength training, and Olympic weightlifting.
- Records: Squat (435 lbs), Bench (340), Deadlift (500), Clean (235), and Snatch (145)
- Height: 5'10"
- I deliberately maintain my body weight between 190 to 200 lbs
- Before university, I was actually riding and doing tricks on BMX and Fixed Gear bikes - after school and all day on the weekends. I was riding with pros, filming videos, and competing in a few local competitions (and placing). I've injured myself and have been to the hospital several times.
<!--- - After my undergraduate, I started using a CPAP. --->